# js-template

## Updating Dependencies

At the beginning of each cohort, update the versions in
[`package.json`](package.json) by replace all versions with a glob (`*`) and
running `npm update --save && npm update --save-dev`. You may wish to test these
changes by deleting the `node_modules` directory and running `npm install`.
Fix any conflicts.

## Structure

Dependencies are stored in [`package.json`](package.json).

Do not configure `grunt` packages directly in the
[`Gruntfile.js`](Gruntfile.js). Instead, store configurations in the
[`grunt`](grunt) directory. You won't need a top-level key, since that's
generated by the `Gruntfile.js` based on the filename of the configuration
object stored in the `grunt` directory.

Developers should store JavaScript files in [`assets/scripts`](assets/scripts).
The "manifest" or entry-point is
[`assets/scripts/index.js`](assets/scripts/index.js). In general, only
application initialization goes in this file. It's normal for developers to
start putting all code in this file, but encourage them to break out different
responsibilities and use the `require` syntax put references where they're
needed.

Developers should store styles in [`assets/styles`](assets/styles).

## Tasks

Developers should run these often!

-   `grunt nag` or just `grunt`: runs code quality analysis tools on your code
    and complains
-   `grunt reformat`: reformats all your code in a standard style
-   `grunt serve`: generates bundles, watches, and livereloads
-   `grunt test`: runs any automated tests, depends on `grunt build`
-   `grunt build`: place bundled styles and scripts where `index.html` can find
    them

## [License](LICENSE)

Source code distributed under the MIT license. Text and other assets copyright
General Assembly, Inc., all rights reserved.

A <role> when < condition>, an < action> , which will <effect>
- When  User enters their name for either player one or player two on the side block and press the submit button, his/her name will automatically display in the player block underneath the game.
- When both player enters their name, the player 2 bottom block  will fade. 
- User (player 1) clicks on one of the square Tic Tac Toe block, which will cause ether an X
 to appear on the Tic Tac Toe block  and then the player 1 block will fade a little bit and player 2 block will reappear.
